README.md, before:

<!-- DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE MANUALLY  -->
<!-- Please read the CONTRIBUTING.md -->

[![linuxserver.io](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/linuxserver/docker-templates/master/linuxserver.io/img/linuxserver_medium.png)](https://linuxserver.io)

[![Blog](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?color=94398d&labelColor=555555&logoColor=ffffff&style=for-the-badge&label=linuxserver.io&message=Blog)](https://blog.linuxserver.io "all the things you can do with our containers including How-To guides, opinions and much more!")
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/354974912613449730.svg?color=94398d&labelColor=555555&logoColor=ffffff&style=for-the-badge&label=Discord&logo=discord)](https://discord.gg/YWrKVTn "realtime support / chat with the community and the team.")
[![Discourse](https://img.shields.io/discourse/https/discourse.linuxserver.io/topics.svg?color=94398d&labelColor=555555&logoColor=ffffff&style=for-the-badge&logo=discourse)](https://discourse.linuxserver.io "post on our community forum.")
[![Fleet](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?color=94398d&labelColor=555555&logoColor=ffffff&style=for-the-badge&label=linuxserver.io&message=Fleet)](https://fleet.linuxserver.io "an online web interface which displays all of our maintained images.")
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?color=94398d&labelColor=555555&logoColor=ffffff&style=for-the-badge&label=linuxserver.io&message=GitHub&logo=github)](https://github.com/linuxserver "view the source for all of our repositories.")
[![Open Collective](https://img.shields.io/opencollective/all/linuxserver.svg?color=94398d&labelColor=555555&logoColor=ffffff&style=for-the-badge&label=Supporters&logo=open%20collective)](https://opencollective.com/linuxserver "please consider helping us by either donating or contributing to our budget")

The [LinuxServer.io](https://linuxserver.io) team brings you another container release featuring:

 * regular and timely application updates
 * easy user mappings (PGID, PUID)
 * custom base image with s6 overlay
 * weekly base OS updates with common layers across the entire LinuxServer.io ecosystem to minimise space usage, down time and bandwidth
 * regular security updates

Find us at:
* [Blog](https://blog.linuxserver.io) - all the things you can do with our containers including How-To guides, opinions and much more!
* [Discord](https://discord.gg/YWrKVTn) - realtime support / chat with the community and the team.
* [Discourse](https://discourse.linuxserver.io) - post on our community forum.
* [Fleet](https://fleet.linuxserver.io) - an online web interface which displays all of our maintained images.
* [GitHub](https://github.com/linuxserver) - view the source for all of our repositories.
* [Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/linuxserver) - please consider helping us by either donating or contributing to our budget

# [linuxserver/ombi](https://github.com/linuxserver/docker-ombi)

[![GitHub Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/linuxserver/docker-ombi.svg?color=94398d&labelColor=555555&logoColor=ffffff&style=for-the-badge&logo=github)](https://github.com/linuxserver/docker-ombi)
[![GitHub Release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/linuxserver/docker-ombi.svg?color=94398d&labelColor=555555&logoColor=ffffff&style=for-the-badge&logo=github)](https://github.com/linuxserver/docker-ombi/releases)
[![GitHub Package Repository](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?color=94398d&labelColor=555555&logoColor=ffffff&style=for-the-badge&label=linuxserver.io&message=GitHub%20Package&logo=github)](https://github.com/linuxserver/docker-ombi/packages)
[![GitLab Container Registry](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?color=94398d&labelColor=555555&logoColor=ffffff&style=for-the-badge&label=linuxserver.io&message=GitLab%20Registry&logo=gitlab)](https://gitlab.com/linuxserver.io/docker-ombi/container_registry)
[![MicroBadger Layers](https://img.shields.io/microbadger/layers/linuxserver/ombi.svg?color=94398d&labelColor=555555&logoColor=ffffff&style=for-the-badge)](https://microbadger.com/images/linuxserver/ombi "Get your own version badge on microbadger.com")
[![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/linuxserver/ombi.svg?color=94398d&labelColor=555555&logoColor=ffffff&style=for-the-badge&label=pulls&logo=docker)](https://hub.docker.com/r/linuxserver/ombi)
[![Docker Stars](https://img.shields.io/docker/stars/linuxserver/ombi.svg?color=94398d&labelColor=555555&logoColor=ffffff&style=for-the-badge&label=stars&logo=docker)](https://hub.docker.com/r/linuxserver/ombi)
[![Jenkins Build](https://img.shields.io/jenkins/build?labelColor=555555&logoColor=ffffff&style=for-the-badge&jobUrl=https%3A%2F%2Fci.linuxserver.io%2Fjob%2FDocker-Pipeline-Builders%2Fjob%2Fdocker-ombi%2Fjob%2Fmaster%2F&logo=jenkins)](https://ci.linuxserver.io/job/Docker-Pipeline-Builders/job/docker-ombi/job/master/)
[![LSIO CI](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/yaml?color=94398d&labelColor=555555&logoColor=ffffff&style=for-the-badge&label=CI&query=CI&url=https%3A%2F%2Fci-tests.linuxserver.io%2Flinuxserver%2Fombi%2Flatest%2Fci-status.yml)](https://ci-tests.linuxserver.io/linuxserver/ombi/latest/index.html)

[Ombi](https://ombi.io) allows you to host your own Plex Request and user management system.
If you are sharing your Plex server with other users, allow them to request new content using an easy to manage interface!
Manage all your requests for Movies and TV with ease, leave notes for the user and get notification when a user requests something.
Allow your users to post issues against their requests so you know there is a problem with the audio etc.
Even automatically send them weekly newsletters of new content that has been added to your Plex server!

[![ombi](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/linuxserver/docker-templates/master/linuxserver.io/img/ombi.png)](https://ombi.io)

## Supported Architectures

Our images support multiple architectures such as `x86-64`, `arm64` and `armhf`. We utilise the docker manifest for multi-platform awareness. More information is available from docker [here](https://github.com/docker/distribution/blob/master/docs/spec/manifest-v2-2.md#manifest-list) and our announcement [here](https://blog.linuxserver.io/2019/02/21/the-lsio-pipeline-project/).

Simply pulling `ghcr.io/linuxserver/ombi` should retrieve the correct image for your arch, but you can also pull specific arch images via tags.

The architectures supported by this image are:

| Architecture | Tag |
| :----: | --- |
| x86-64 | amd64-latest |
| arm64 | arm64v8-latest |
| armhf | arm32v7-latest |

## Version Tags

This image provides various versions that are available via tags. `latest` tag usually provides the latest stable version. Others are considered under development and caution must be exercised when using them.

| Tag | Description |
| :----: | --- |
| latest | Stable Ombi releases |
| development | Releases from the `develop` branch of Ombi |

## Usage

Here are some example snippets to help you get started creating a container.

### docker-compose ([recommended](https://docs.linuxserver.io/general/docker-compose))

Compatible with docker-compose v2 schemas.

```yaml
---
version: "2.1"
services:
  ombi:
    image: ghcr.io/linuxserver/ombi
    container_name: ombi
    environment:
      - PUID=1000
      - PGID=1000
      - TZ=Europe/London
      - BASE_URL=/ombi #optional
    volumes:
      - /path/to/appdata/config:/config
    ports:
      - 3579:3579
    restart: unless-stopped
```

### docker cli

```
docker run -d \
  --name=ombi \
  -e PUID=1000 \
  -e PGID=1000 \
  -e TZ=Europe/London \
  -e BASE_URL=/ombi `#optional` \
  -p 3579:3579 \
  -v /path/to/appdata/config:/config \
  --restart unless-stopped \
  ghcr.io/linuxserver/ombi
```


## Parameters

Container images are configured using parameters passed at runtime (such as those above). These parameters are separated by a colon and indicate `<external>:<internal>` respectively. For example, `-p 8080:80` would expose port `80` from inside the container to be accessible from the host's IP on port `8080` outside the container.

| Parameter | Function |
| :----: | --- |
| `-p 3579` | web gui |
| `-e PUID=1000` | for UserID - see below for explanation |
| `-e PGID=1000` | for GroupID - see below for explanation |
| `-e TZ=Europe/London` | Specify a timezone to use EG Europe/London |
| `-e BASE_URL=/ombi` | Subfolder can optionally be defined as an env variable for reverse proxies. Keep in mind that once this value is defined, the gui setting for base url no longer works. To use the gui setting, remove this env variable. |
| `-v /config` | Contains all relevant configuration files. |

## Environment variables from files (Docker secrets)

You can set any environment variable from a file by using a special prepend `FILE__`.

As an example:

```
-e FILE__PASSWORD=/run/secrets/mysecretpassword
```

Will set the environment variable `PASSWORD` based on the contents of the `/run/secrets/mysecretpassword` file.

## Umask for running applications

For all of our images we provide the ability to override the default umask settings for services started within the containers using the optional `-e UMASK=022` setting.
Keep in mind umask is not chmod it subtracts from permissions based on it's value it does not add. Please read up [here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Umask) before asking for support.

## User / Group Identifiers

When using volumes (`-v` flags) permissions issues can arise between the host OS and the container, we avoid this issue by allowing you to specify the user `PUID` and group `PGID`.

Ensure any volume directories on the host are owned by the same user you specify and any permissions issues will vanish like magic.

In this instance `PUID=1000` and `PGID=1000`, to find yours use `id user` as below:

```
  $ id username
    uid=1000(dockeruser) gid=1000(dockergroup) groups=1000(dockergroup)
```


&nbsp;
## Application Setup

Access the webui at `<your-ip>:3579`. Follow the setup wizard on initial install.  Then configure the required services.


## Docker Mods
[![Docker Mods](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/yaml?color=94398d&labelColor=555555&logoColor=ffffff&style=for-the-badge&label=ombi&query=%24.mods%5B%27ombi%27%5D.mod_count&url=https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2Flinuxserver%2Fdocker-mods%2Fmaster%2Fmod-list.yml)](https://mods.linuxserver.io/?mod=ombi "view available mods for this container.") [![Docker Universal Mods](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/yaml?color=94398d&labelColor=555555&logoColor=ffffff&style=for-the-badge&label=universal&query=%24.mods%5B%27universal%27%5D.mod_count&url=https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2Flinuxserver%2Fdocker-mods%2Fmaster%2Fmod-list.yml)](https://mods.linuxserver.io/?mod=universal "view available universal mods.")

We publish various [Docker Mods](https://github.com/linuxserver/docker-mods) to enable additional functionality within the containers. The list of Mods available for this image (if any) as well as universal mods that can be applied to any one of our images can be accessed via the dynamic badges above.


## Support Info

* Shell access whilst the container is running: `docker exec -it ombi /bin/bash`
* To monitor the logs of the container in realtime: `docker logs -f ombi`
* container version number
  * `docker inspect -f '{{ index .Config.Labels "build_version" }}' ombi`
* image version number
  * `docker inspect -f '{{ index .Config.Labels "build_version" }}' ghcr.io/linuxserver/ombi`

## Updating Info

Most of our images are static, versioned, and require an image update and container recreation to update the app inside. With some exceptions (ie. nextcloud, plex), we do not recommend or support updating apps inside the container. Please consult the [Application Setup](#application-setup) section above to see if it is recommended for the image.

Below are the instructions for updating containers:

### Via Docker Compose
* Update all images: `docker-compose pull`
  * or update a single image: `docker-compose pull ombi`
* Let compose update all containers as necessary: `docker-compose up -d`
  * or update a single container: `docker-compose up -d ombi`
* You can also remove the old dangling images: `docker image prune`

### Via Docker Run
* Update the image: `docker pull ghcr.io/linuxserver/ombi`
* Stop the running container: `docker stop ombi`
* Delete the container: `docker rm ombi`
* Recreate a new container with the same docker run parameters as instructed above (if mapped correctly to a host folder, your `/config` folder and settings will be preserved)
* You can also remove the old dangling images: `docker image prune`

### Via Watchtower auto-updater (only use if you don't remember the original parameters)
* Pull the latest image at its tag and replace it with the same env variables in one run:
  ```
  docker run --rm \
  -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock \
  containrrr/watchtower \
  --run-once ombi
  ```
* You can also remove the old dangling images: `docker image prune`

**Note:** We do not endorse the use of Watchtower as a solution to automated updates of existing Docker containers. In fact we generally discourage automated updates. However, this is a useful tool for one-time manual updates of containers where you have forgotten the original parameters. In the long term, we highly recommend using [Docker Compose](https://docs.linuxserver.io/general/docker-compose).

### Image Update Notifications - Diun (Docker Image Update Notifier)
* We recommend [Diun](https://crazymax.dev/diun/) for update notifications. Other tools that automatically update containers unattended are not recommended or supported.

## Building locally

If you want to make local modifications to these images for development purposes or just to customize the logic:
```
git clone https://github.com/linuxserver/docker-ombi.git
cd docker-ombi
docker build \
  --no-cache \
  --pull \
  -t ghcr.io/linuxserver/ombi:latest .
```

The ARM variants can be built on x86_64 hardware using `multiarch/qemu-user-static`
```
docker run --rm --privileged multiarch/qemu-user-static:register --reset
```

Once registered you can define the dockerfile to use with `-f Dockerfile.aarch64`.

## Versions

* **14.04.20:** - Add Ombi donate links.
* **10.05.19:** - Added an optional env variable for base url setting.
* **23.03.19:** - Switching to new Base images, shift to arm32v7 tag.
* **22.02.19:** - Clarify info on tags and development builds.
* **25.01.19:** - Add info on tags and development builds.
* **09.01.19:** - Switch to multi-arch builds and add aarch64 image.
* **11.03.18:** - Add HOME env to Dockerfile.
* **05.03.18:** - Switch to Ombi v3 stable based on .net core.
* **26.01.18:** - Fix continuation lines.
* **16.04.17:** - Switch to using inhouse mono baseimage.
* **17.02.17:** - Initial Release.

Commit message:

Document new OMBI_PORT variable
Adds relevant information for how to use the OMBI_PORT environment variable.

README.md, after:

<!-- DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE MANUALLY  -->
<!-- Please read the CONTRIBUTING.md -->

[![linuxserver.io](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/linuxserver/docker-templates/master/linuxserver.io/img/linuxserver_medium.png)](https://linuxserver.io)

[![Blog](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?color=94398d&labelColor=555555&logoColor=ffffff&style=for-the-badge&label=linuxserver.io&message=Blog)](https://blog.linuxserver.io "all the things you can do with our containers including How-To guides, opinions and much more!")
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/354974912613449730.svg?color=94398d&labelColor=555555&logoColor=ffffff&style=for-the-badge&label=Discord&logo=discord)](https://discord.gg/YWrKVTn "realtime support / chat with the community and the team.")
[![Discourse](https://img.shields.io/discourse/https/discourse.linuxserver.io/topics.svg?color=94398d&labelColor=555555&logoColor=ffffff&style=for-the-badge&logo=discourse)](https://discourse.linuxserver.io "post on our community forum.")
[![Fleet](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?color=94398d&labelColor=555555&logoColor=ffffff&style=for-the-badge&label=linuxserver.io&message=Fleet)](https://fleet.linuxserver.io "an online web interface which displays all of our maintained images.")
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?color=94398d&labelColor=555555&logoColor=ffffff&style=for-the-badge&label=linuxserver.io&message=GitHub&logo=github)](https://github.com/linuxserver "view the source for all of our repositories.")
[![Open Collective](https://img.shields.io/opencollective/all/linuxserver.svg?color=94398d&labelColor=555555&logoColor=ffffff&style=for-the-badge&label=Supporters&logo=open%20collective)](https://opencollective.com/linuxserver "please consider helping us by either donating or contributing to our budget")

The [LinuxServer.io](https://linuxserver.io) team brings you another container release featuring:

 * regular and timely application updates
 * easy user mappings (PGID, PUID)
 * custom base image with s6 overlay
 * weekly base OS updates with common layers across the entire LinuxServer.io ecosystem to minimise space usage, down time and bandwidth
 * regular security updates

Find us at:
* [Blog](https://blog.linuxserver.io) - all the things you can do with our containers including How-To guides, opinions and much more!
* [Discord](https://discord.gg/YWrKVTn) - realtime support / chat with the community and the team.
* [Discourse](https://discourse.linuxserver.io) - post on our community forum.
* [Fleet](https://fleet.linuxserver.io) - an online web interface which displays all of our maintained images.
* [GitHub](https://github.com/linuxserver) - view the source for all of our repositories.
* [Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/linuxserver) - please consider helping us by either donating or contributing to our budget

# [linuxserver/ombi](https://github.com/linuxserver/docker-ombi)

[![GitHub Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/linuxserver/docker-ombi.svg?color=94398d&labelColor=555555&logoColor=ffffff&style=for-the-badge&logo=github)](https://github.com/linuxserver/docker-ombi)
[![GitHub Release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/linuxserver/docker-ombi.svg?color=94398d&labelColor=555555&logoColor=ffffff&style=for-the-badge&logo=github)](https://github.com/linuxserver/docker-ombi/releases)
[![GitHub Package Repository](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?color=94398d&labelColor=555555&logoColor=ffffff&style=for-the-badge&label=linuxserver.io&message=GitHub%20Package&logo=github)](https://github.com/linuxserver/docker-ombi/packages)
[![GitLab Container Registry](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?color=94398d&labelColor=555555&logoColor=ffffff&style=for-the-badge&label=linuxserver.io&message=GitLab%20Registry&logo=gitlab)](https://gitlab.com/linuxserver.io/docker-ombi/container_registry)
[![MicroBadger Layers](https://img.shields.io/microbadger/layers/linuxserver/ombi.svg?color=94398d&labelColor=555555&logoColor=ffffff&style=for-the-badge)](https://microbadger.com/images/linuxserver/ombi "Get your own version badge on microbadger.com")
[![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/linuxserver/ombi.svg?color=94398d&labelColor=555555&logoColor=ffffff&style=for-the-badge&label=pulls&logo=docker)](https://hub.docker.com/r/linuxserver/ombi)
[![Docker Stars](https://img.shields.io/docker/stars/linuxserver/ombi.svg?color=94398d&labelColor=555555&logoColor=ffffff&style=for-the-badge&label=stars&logo=docker)](https://hub.docker.com/r/linuxserver/ombi)
[![Jenkins Build](https://img.shields.io/jenkins/build?labelColor=555555&logoColor=ffffff&style=for-the-badge&jobUrl=https%3A%2F%2Fci.linuxserver.io%2Fjob%2FDocker-Pipeline-Builders%2Fjob%2Fdocker-ombi%2Fjob%2Fmaster%2F&logo=jenkins)](https://ci.linuxserver.io/job/Docker-Pipeline-Builders/job/docker-ombi/job/master/)
[![LSIO CI](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/yaml?color=94398d&labelColor=555555&logoColor=ffffff&style=for-the-badge&label=CI&query=CI&url=https%3A%2F%2Fci-tests.linuxserver.io%2Flinuxserver%2Fombi%2Flatest%2Fci-status.yml)](https://ci-tests.linuxserver.io/linuxserver/ombi/latest/index.html)

[Ombi](https://ombi.io) allows you to host your own Plex Request and user management system.
If you are sharing your Plex server with other users, allow them to request new content using an easy to manage interface!
Manage all your requests for Movies and TV with ease, leave notes for the user and get notification when a user requests something.
Allow your users to post issues against their requests so you know there is a problem with the audio etc.
Even automatically send them weekly newsletters of new content that has been added to your Plex server!

[![ombi](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/linuxserver/docker-templates/master/linuxserver.io/img/ombi.png)](https://ombi.io)

## Supported Architectures

Our images support multiple architectures such as `x86-64`, `arm64` and `armhf`. We utilise the docker manifest for multi-platform awareness. More information is available from docker [here](https://github.com/docker/distribution/blob/master/docs/spec/manifest-v2-2.md#manifest-list) and our announcement [here](https://blog.linuxserver.io/2019/02/21/the-lsio-pipeline-project/).

Simply pulling `ghcr.io/linuxserver/ombi` should retrieve the correct image for your arch, but you can also pull specific arch images via tags.

The architectures supported by this image are:

| Architecture | Tag |
| :----: | --- |
| x86-64 | amd64-latest |
| arm64 | arm64v8-latest |
| armhf | arm32v7-latest |

## Version Tags

This image provides various versions that are available via tags. `latest` tag usually provides the latest stable version. Others are considered under development and caution must be exercised when using them.

| Tag | Description |
| :----: | --- |
| latest | Stable Ombi releases |
| development | Releases from the `develop` branch of Ombi |

## Usage

Here are some example snippets to help you get started creating a container.

### docker-compose ([recommended](https://docs.linuxserver.io/general/docker-compose))

Compatible with docker-compose v2 schemas.

```yaml
---
version: "2.1"
services:
  ombi:
    image: ghcr.io/linuxserver/ombi
    container_name: ombi
    environment:
      - PUID=1000
      - PGID=1000
      - TZ=Europe/London
      - BASE_URL=/ombi #optional
      - OMBI_PORT=80 #optional
    volumes:
      - /path/to/appdata/config:/config
    ports:
      - 3579:3579
    restart: unless-stopped
```

### docker cli

```
docker run -d \
  --name=ombi \
  -e PUID=1000 \
  -e PGID=1000 \
  -e TZ=Europe/London \
  -e BASE_URL=/ombi `#optional` \
  -e OMBI_PORT=80 `#optional` \
  -p 3579:3579 \
  -v /path/to/appdata/config:/config \
  --restart unless-stopped \
  ghcr.io/linuxserver/ombi
```


## Parameters

Container images are configured using parameters passed at runtime (such as those above). These parameters are separated by a colon and indicate `<external>:<internal>` respectively. For example, `-p 8080:80` would expose port `80` from inside the container to be accessible from the host's IP on port `8080` outside the container.

| Parameter | Function |
| :----: | --- |
| `-p 3579` | web gui |
| `-e PUID=1000` | for UserID - see below for explanation |
| `-e PGID=1000` | for GroupID - see below for explanation |
| `-e TZ=Europe/London` | Specify a timezone to use EG Europe/London |
| `-e BASE_URL=/ombi` | Subfolder can optionally be defined as an env variable for reverse proxies. Keep in mind that once this value is defined, the gui setting for base url no longer works. To use the gui setting, remove this env variable. |
| `-e OMBI_PORT=80` | Change the internal port that Ombi will attach to within the container. Must be reflected in Docker Ports associations as well. |
| `-v /config` | Contains all relevant configuration files. |

## Environment variables from files (Docker secrets)

You can set any environment variable from a file by using a special prepend `FILE__`.

As an example:

```
-e FILE__PASSWORD=/run/secrets/mysecretpassword
```

Will set the environment variable `PASSWORD` based on the contents of the `/run/secrets/mysecretpassword` file.

## Umask for running applications

For all of our images we provide the ability to override the default umask settings for services started within the containers using the optional `-e UMASK=022` setting.
Keep in mind umask is not chmod it subtracts from permissions based on it's value it does not add. Please read up [here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Umask) before asking for support.

## User / Group Identifiers

When using volumes (`-v` flags) permissions issues can arise between the host OS and the container, we avoid this issue by allowing you to specify the user `PUID` and group `PGID`.

Ensure any volume directories on the host are owned by the same user you specify and any permissions issues will vanish like magic.

In this instance `PUID=1000` and `PGID=1000`, to find yours use `id user` as below:

```
  $ id username
    uid=1000(dockeruser) gid=1000(dockergroup) groups=1000(dockergroup)
```


&nbsp;
## Application Setup

Access the webui at `<your-ip>:3579`. Follow the setup wizard on initial install.  Then configure the required services.


## Docker Mods
[![Docker Mods](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/yaml?color=94398d&labelColor=555555&logoColor=ffffff&style=for-the-badge&label=ombi&query=%24.mods%5B%27ombi%27%5D.mod_count&url=https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2Flinuxserver%2Fdocker-mods%2Fmaster%2Fmod-list.yml)](https://mods.linuxserver.io/?mod=ombi "view available mods for this container.") [![Docker Universal Mods](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/yaml?color=94398d&labelColor=555555&logoColor=ffffff&style=for-the-badge&label=universal&query=%24.mods%5B%27universal%27%5D.mod_count&url=https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2Flinuxserver%2Fdocker-mods%2Fmaster%2Fmod-list.yml)](https://mods.linuxserver.io/?mod=universal "view available universal mods.")

We publish various [Docker Mods](https://github.com/linuxserver/docker-mods) to enable additional functionality within the containers. The list of Mods available for this image (if any) as well as universal mods that can be applied to any one of our images can be accessed via the dynamic badges above.


## Support Info

* Shell access whilst the container is running: `docker exec -it ombi /bin/bash`
* To monitor the logs of the container in realtime: `docker logs -f ombi`
* container version number
  * `docker inspect -f '{{ index .Config.Labels "build_version" }}' ombi`
* image version number
  * `docker inspect -f '{{ index .Config.Labels "build_version" }}' ghcr.io/linuxserver/ombi`

## Updating Info

Most of our images are static, versioned, and require an image update and container recreation to update the app inside. With some exceptions (ie. nextcloud, plex), we do not recommend or support updating apps inside the container. Please consult the [Application Setup](#application-setup) section above to see if it is recommended for the image.

Below are the instructions for updating containers:

### Via Docker Compose
* Update all images: `docker-compose pull`
  * or update a single image: `docker-compose pull ombi`
* Let compose update all containers as necessary: `docker-compose up -d`
  * or update a single container: `docker-compose up -d ombi`
* You can also remove the old dangling images: `docker image prune`

### Via Docker Run
* Update the image: `docker pull ghcr.io/linuxserver/ombi`
* Stop the running container: `docker stop ombi`
* Delete the container: `docker rm ombi`
* Recreate a new container with the same docker run parameters as instructed above (if mapped correctly to a host folder, your `/config` folder and settings will be preserved)
* You can also remove the old dangling images: `docker image prune`

### Via Watchtower auto-updater (only use if you don't remember the original parameters)
* Pull the latest image at its tag and replace it with the same env variables in one run:
  ```
  docker run --rm \
  -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock \
  containrrr/watchtower \
  --run-once ombi
  ```
* You can also remove the old dangling images: `docker image prune`

**Note:** We do not endorse the use of Watchtower as a solution to automated updates of existing Docker containers. In fact we generally discourage automated updates. However, this is a useful tool for one-time manual updates of containers where you have forgotten the original parameters. In the long term, we highly recommend using [Docker Compose](https://docs.linuxserver.io/general/docker-compose).

### Image Update Notifications - Diun (Docker Image Update Notifier)
* We recommend [Diun](https://crazymax.dev/diun/) for update notifications. Other tools that automatically update containers unattended are not recommended or supported.

## Building locally

If you want to make local modifications to these images for development purposes or just to customize the logic:
```
git clone https://github.com/linuxserver/docker-ombi.git
cd docker-ombi
docker build \
  --no-cache \
  --pull \
  -t ghcr.io/linuxserver/ombi:latest .
```

The ARM variants can be built on x86_64 hardware using `multiarch/qemu-user-static`
```
docker run --rm --privileged multiarch/qemu-user-static:register --reset
```

Once registered you can define the dockerfile to use with `-f Dockerfile.aarch64`.

## Versions

* **14.04.20:** - Add Ombi donate links.
* **10.05.19:** - Added an optional env variable for base url setting.
* **23.03.19:** - Switching to new Base images, shift to arm32v7 tag.
* **22.02.19:** - Clarify info on tags and development builds.
* **25.01.19:** - Add info on tags and development builds.
* **09.01.19:** - Switch to multi-arch builds and add aarch64 image.
* **11.03.18:** - Add HOME env to Dockerfile.
* **05.03.18:** - Switch to Ombi v3 stable based on .net core.
* **26.01.18:** - Fix continuation lines.
* **16.04.17:** - Switch to using inhouse mono baseimage.
* **17.02.17:** - Initial Release.
